A pleasure to work with. Mr. Zhao,
Have a drink. You all go out first.
Mr. Zhao. Miss,
Please cooperate with me first,
Brother Zhou, what’s wrong? This is
Didn’t you say this song is useful?
Does he have any friends to go to a place like this with him?
It must have been taken by a girl, right?
He is not with our company
Brother Zhou, you treat him
I'm just too indulgent of him.
I'll contact Bai Chong tomorrow.
He is the person responsible for bringing up new products in our company.
You and Sister Bai Xiao have a good relationship
She might really not be able to come back.
She cares a lot about you and Aunt Bai. Don’t worry.
What's going on
Did she kill me?
She used to go through my circle of friends
Now she doesn’t look at my Moments